This video is made possible by vier watches, luxury, handcrafted watches,
fair prices. You can check them out through the link below
Johnny Versace was a brilliant businessman who took his humble beginnings and
built a multibillion dollar fashion. APA.
He became a celebrity designer in his company's famous mid USEA logo is
recognized around the worlds, but in 1997,
his life was cut short when he became the victim of a serial killer on
today's biographics.
We are gonna tell the inspiring story of Gianni of Versace's rags to riches
success story, as well as shocking twist that tendered his life.
Jon Versace was born on December the 2/19/46 in reg collab,
Bria in Italy,
D there are some Italian pronunciations I'm trying my best with these things.
Look them up when I can. It is what it is. He had two oldest siblings,
a brother named San and a sister named Francesca his parents.
They ran a dress making business.
His father handled the sales while his mother managed their stuff with sewing
and assembly tragically.
His older sister Francesca died at 12 years old from tetanus infection that had
gone untreated, but he was 10.
His parents decided to have another child and his youngest, his to Donna teller,
she was born Johnny treasured, baby Donna teller.
And they would grow up to become best friends. All his life.
Johnny Versace loved classical music and opera,
and he had a dream of becoming a professional composer. However,
his parents needed help around the dress shop and he was forced to give up his
dream in order to enter the family business. He learned how to like fabrics,
how to sew, how to sketch and even create dress patterns for new designs.
During this apprenticeship, Gianni paid close attention to his parents.
They knew how to make their clients feel comfortable.
And when these women looked in the mirror with their new dresses,
his mother made sure that they felt like they were the most important person in
the room. Since his parents were both so busy running this family business,
he spent a lot of time babysitting Donna teller.
One day G took his sister to visit the Roman Coliseum.
This is when he came face to face with a statue of Medusa.
He was entranced by this terrifying woman with hair made SN snakes in school for
Sathi. He was studying Greek and Latin,
and he began to learn more about the original mythology of MedU.
He didn't know it at the time,
but this legends would eventually make a huge impact on his future company.
Now,
most people know the legends of the monster whose eyes could make men turn to
stone.
Maybe you already know the story of Perseus who chopped off her head and used it
as his own personal shields.
But Yu's backstory is actually a whole lot more complicated than this Medusa
was born a mortar woman, and she worked in the temple of Athena.
These priestess SWO, a vow of chastity and covered up in modest tap, even.
So Medusa was so beautiful that news about her spread and Athena became
jealous and resentful. The God of the sea beside and lusted.
After Medusa one day,
she was walking along the shore and beside and emerged from the sea to kidnap
her. And then he forced himself upon her.
Instead of acknowledging that she was a victim,
Athena claimed that Medusa was asking for it and had violated her oath of
purity. Athena transformed her into a monster with snakes for her.
Now every time she so much has looked at a man, he would turn to stone,
which guaranteed that she would be alone forever.
The true moral of the story here is apparently that even the gods and not above
petty jealousy, Joly, the Sahi was completely inspired by the story of Medusa.
In most artists to rendering,
she is always either naked or just barely clothed with her great curse though
came great power because there was no way she would ever be attacked by a man.
Again, for Medusa, there was simply no need to dress. Modestly versa.
Sahi would sketch pictures of the kinds of dresses that he imagines Medusa would
wear these clothes. They had bright colors and they showed off a woman's curves.
He carried on this style for the rest of his career. Years later,
the face of NAUC, it became the logo of the Versace brands. Any.
Ideas.
At age 26 Gian Versache decided that he wanted to take his skills to the next
level, by moving to Milan and in nursing himself in the world of luxury fashion,
he got a job working for a clothing manufacturer named Jenn's while he was under
this company's employment.
He was able to design two of his own lines of ready to wear clothing.
After building this portfolio,
he began working for other well established fashion houses in Italy Sahi he
spent six years living and working in Milan,
gaining valuable experience and networking with people in the fashion industry.
He eventually made a collection of his original pieces and they went on display
at the Palazzo D Permanente art museum.
This exhibit was a smashing success and it got enough inquiries from new
clients so that he could start selling his pieces direct customers in 1978,
when G VII was 32 years old was finally ready to open his first boutique in
Milan's famous via D speaker shopping district per first, his clothing store.
It was just a single rack of dresses. And yet his talent.
It was still enough to have women coming in to see his creations.
Milan is one of the fashion capitals of the world. You probably know that.
So yeah,
the competition there is pretty this designers open boutiques all the time.
Only for them to never turn a profit since yet, Versace,
he had the skills to push through in order to be successful in just about any
business, not just fashion, you have to understand your customer,
who are they and what do they need to make their life better for Gianni Versace.
He wanted to design clothes for men and women who were sexy, confident,
and powerful. And to him,
the only person who exemplified all of the qualities was his younger sister,
Donna tele.
She had a keen eye for style and she was not afraid to share her criticism of
her older brother's work. When Giani designed something that was ugly.
Donna Tello would tell him that it was ugly almost immediately.
Eventually G learns Donna Tell's tasting clothing,
and she became his muse in interviews.
Johnny shared how much Donna teller inspired him saying she is my first
customer, but Donna teller, wasn't just his artistic inspiration.
G made her the vice president of the corporation when she was still in a early
20 and his older brother send was the presidents,
even though she was technically vice president,
Donna teller was still very young and she was figuring out what she really
wanted to do with her life. Ultimately,
she decided that she wanted to be a fashion designer as well.
So Gianni started a second brands called versus which existed as a
subsidiary of the larger Versai corporation.
Donna tell did all of the designs for this company.
And she began to learn the ins and outs of the fashion business,
just like GI had when he was working for others in Milan to the untrained diet.
Someone might look at the Versace family's designs and assume that not much
thought when, since it at all, many people have even gone.
As far as to say that they are overly sexualized,
whole point of the fashion line was to exploit women's bodies. Indeed.
He got a lot of pushback. People said that his dresses, they were too vulgar.
A phrase actually became famous that red Armani dresses, the wife,
Versace dresses,
the mistres during an interview with Charlie rose Versace responded to these
criticisms with a quote from Fredrick NCHE. Those who know the,
that they are profound strive for clarity,
as in he has the ability to design anything he wants and he could do it well,
but he was choosing to design this way for a very good reason.
Versace hated the fact that somewhere along the course of human history,
it was decided that men were expected to wear a suit and a tie and everything
else was deemed to be unprofessional. And for women with beautiful bodies,
they had to hide them all away in order to be taken seriously.
He knew that many people out there wanted to express themselves through fashion
and they were holding back from going outside of the box because they were
afraid of being judged. He said, don't be into trends.
Don't make fashion own you, but you decide what you are,
what you want to express by the way you dress and the way to live
Combines with his visionary fashion sense.
Versa essentially was also a brilliant businessman.
At the time older fashion brands weren't bothering to head to Eastern countries.
They were trying to focus on the wet where they believed most of the money was
Versace opens up his first shop in China in 1979. Now hindsight is always 2020,
of course,
but we know today that establishing himself in China was an incredibly smart
move. He was 10 steps ahead of the competition on this one.
Now in the 1980s and 19 S Johnny Versace continued to open more of his shops
around the worlds and his designs. They became really, really famous.
He began to dress some of the biggest celebrities in the world at the time, uh,
Elton John princess, Diana Acher, Madonna, all wearing Versace, honestly.
I mean,
there are so many celebrity clients that Versace works with that we couldn't
really possibly mention them all in this video.
He even designed the costumes for an opera called capric.
So even though he was not able to be a composer,
he was still able to keep his love of music in his life by dressing both
classical singers and rock stars alike, getting celebrity endorsements,
they're critical for a business like Versaces,
but it can sometimes just be a bit of a fashion. The pan,
especially in the fashion world, Archie,
he was smart enough to know that in order for his company to last for future
generations, it needed longevity. Now we aren't gonna name names here,
but there are some luxury fashion companies out there that have a rather
snobbish attitude about who they want their ideal customer to be.
They refuse to make products that are affordable to the middle class because
they only want the richest people to represent them.
Some luxury brands actually burn their products because they would rather
destroy those pieces than ever put them on clearance,
which would allow mayor peasants to be able to afford their brand that would
never ever do. Of course, for Versace though, he felt the opposite.
He wanted to make his brands more accessible to a wider or audience.
And he knew that by opening it up to anyone,
it would ultimately make the company more successful.
So we began to sell smaller luxury accessories, like jewelry, wallets,
and perfume and home decorat items.
While some luxury brands cost thousands of dollars for a purse or a dress,
someone can buy over searchy piece for just a few hundred dollars in turn is
brands and de a logo was seen by more people.
And it's almost needless to say at this point in the video that yes,
he was really, really rich by this point,
but maybe not quite a billionaire and you can absolutely bet that he stayed that
way.
You see the jacket that I'm building on the screen right now that jacket costs
355 pounds.
That's 450 American dollars for my American friends.
And that is for something that your kid will probably stop wearing in like a
year. I have no idea how fast kids grow,
not exactly a surprise that he is super rich, but you know,
that jacket is absolutely perfect for you.
If you want your kids who look like a curtain from my grandma's house. Okay?
So the real thing you should be doing is spending your money somewhere else,
somewhere smart, somewhere, it all last somewhere you can enjoy every day.
And that brings me to today sponsor Viero watches.
This was a watch that I was really worried would look kind of bad on my tiny
little baby wrists, but I actually think it looks pretty cool.
I thought I would have to just show you some B roll of someone with adult sized
wrists wearing this watch, but I think I can actually pull it off,
which is cool. I did not expect that. Also it comes with this rubber strap,
which, uh, over in Europe right now is the end of June when I'm recording this.
And there is a mega heat wave going on. It's like 40 degrees, a leather strap.
Doesn't do so well with sweat,
but fortunately you can just swap it out for a rubber one.
If you want like that I'm wearing, uh, like the one I'm wearing right here.
And speaking of that, you can actually swap out these straps on Viera watches.
This is, it's a very nice unboxing experience, by the way.
And in here in here,
there is another strap and this is of course made outta leather.
Let me just put that down and then you could just pop this on, um,
on another Viero watch if you, uh, if you want the leather look and I,
I think like straps are a fantastic way to give a, watch a whole new look.
So don't underestimate the straps.
You can pick those up as well at Viero swap them out when you're ready to.
And my thoughts on watches are sort of like their universal jewelry, the men.
Uh, however, I think Viero, they've probably got a better tagline. Uh,
it's all about a classic look on the watch. Uh,
always being delivered at an amazing price.
So getting a Venter watch is the way to go.
It's the way it's also a way to support this show, which is cool of you.
So why not check out their collection through the link below and you'll get 15%
off. So that's pretty amazing. So you can just go to Viera, watch
its.com/biographics. And if you're thinking about getting a watch,
and especially if you're thinking about getting a watch through Viera,
please do go through that link,
cuz it really does support us and let's get back to Versace
In 1982, versa she's fashion business. It was absolutely in full swing.
It was at this point that he fell in love with a fashion model named Antonio de
Amico gay marriage. It was not legal at the time,
but they were life partners for 15 years,
Damco and Versace would spend time in Milan and they would travel around the
world together in 1992, they were on a flight to Cuba and it had a lay of, uh,
in Miami.
Johnny asked their driver to bring him and Antonio arounds just to see what
Miami was like. Once he saw it, he was shocked by how beautiful it was.
And he knew that it accidentally found the location of his new home.
After visiting an area of Miami called south beach,
he saw there a community of young gay men who were not afraid to show who they
truly were grow in Europe.
This level of honesty and freedom to live outta the closet.
It was pretty refreshing to Versace and he was convinced that this was truly the
perfect place for him and ACO to live. As he was walking along the beach,
Versace spotted a large Mediterranean revival star mansion with a statue of the
goddess of love. Alfred died. He sitting in the front courtyard,
he was still a die hard mythology deep down, of course.
So once he saw one of his favorite characters,
he saw this as a sign that this was going to be his future home with deco.
He bought the home and he named it LA CASAA Casa arena.
The home is truly a slice of Italy sitting right in the middle of Miami,
even though he was now in his late forties and settled into his forever home GI
facade, he was far from retirement.
He still loved running his business and he was eager to continue improving his
designs. During an interview, he once said, he's like to oxygen from in fashion.
I love doing fashion.
He understood that what his popular in fashion today might change by tomorrow.
So he would therefore frequent Miami nightclubs instead of dancing in the crowd.
He often sat on the sidelines so that he could pay attention and study these
young, beautiful people. According to, to Amaco versa. Sahi never drank alcohol,
even in this social setting because he wanted to stay sober in order to be truly
present in the moment.
Everyone in that local community began to recognize and respect him.
Some say that he was the unofficial mayor of south beach,
even though everyone in his personal life knew about his sexual orientation,
Versace still kept it a secret.
He and Donna teller had been considering taking the company public on the stock
market and they were afraid that shareholders would not want to invest if they
knew that he was gay. But in 1995,
Johnny Versace made the decision to finally come outta the closet.
He publicly announced that he was gay and had been in a long term relationship
with Antonio ACO, Johnny Versace.
He was a truly modest man and he never acted as if he was better than anyone
else living in Miami. And even after he had reached a level of celebrity,
he still kept that way.
He continued spending time outs in the world among normal people while his
mindset was admirable,
what it would turn out to be a tragic mistake in July of 1997,
Versace was now 50 years old. His designs were on the covers of magazines.
He had been on TV on multiple occasions.
Everyone knew that he was a multimillionaire,
but he still ran his own errands around town. Just like anyone else versa.
He was well loved in Miami,
always saying hello and being friendly towards the locals.
According to Antonio to Amico,
Versace was always willing to help other people and described him as being one
of the sweetest men who ever lived the reality was that he didn't make any
enemies. And he felt truly safe.
Ironically Forat often told his friends that he believed that America was a lot
safer than Italy.
This was mainly because the mafia reigned in its hometown on the morning of
July, the 15th, 1997,
Gianni Versace left his home to get a cup of coffee in the newest issues of new
Yorker and Vogue magazine.
Versace would never expect that he had a stalker who had been studying his every
move. He was unlocking his front gate with his back,
turned to the street when a serial killer named Andrew Connan shot him twice in
the back of the head with a strange twist of fate.
The bullet went through Versace's body and hit a nearby dove,
which fell to the ground next to Versace's body.
Antonio Damico was home waiting for his partner to return with his coffee and
magazines. He said, I heard the shot. My heart just stopped.
So I ran out and I saw Gianni lying on the stairs in blood.
And GNI Versace was murdered in broad daylight. This morning,
when the police arrived,
they saw the dead bird lying on the ground next to Versace.
They assumed the dove, maybe a symbol that hit by the Italian mob,
but they eventually figured out that the culprit was Andrew Connan,
who had already appeared on America's most wanted for killing four other men.
During the press conference,
it was announced to the press that Gianni Versace had no connection to Andrew
Connan whatsoever.
The FBI even had to investigate whether there was a connection between the two,
eight days later, they finally caught up with a killer.
He was surrounded by the police.
He shot himself in the head before the FBI had a chance to question him.
So no one knows his true motivation behind killing Versace.
Before assassinating Versace,
Andrew Conlan was an escort who catered to older wealthy men.
Conan had a genius IQ and had a photographic memory.
His parents had spoiled him rotten and given him absolutely everything he could
could ask for Andrew was made to believe that he was better than everyone else.
Anne's big surprise. He became a narcissist and a sociopath. Andrew Conan.
He was the polar opposite of Giani Versace.
He truly did feel that he was entitled to the finest things in life and he
wouldn't have to work for it. Conan was incapable of empathy for other people.
And he also became a compulsive liar telling everyone he met a different story
about his name, his career, his parents, and much more.
Some speculates that after learning that GI Versace was gay.
Andrew con began stalking Versace and that he never approached him with the,
of becoming his escort in the 2018 TV series, American crime story.
The assassination of Gian Versace,
a lot of speculation is made about the possibility that they could have met
before the assassination. But if you watch it do so with a grain of salt,
according to an interview with Antonio to Amico,
he was insulted by what much of the show claims.
And he believes that Versace never met can on him before after the autopsy,
it was revealed that Gianni Versace had HIV because of this many speculates that
Damco must have been unfaithful Lord, that they had an open relationship.
But what we do know for certain is that Donna Versace did not like Antonio
Damico at all in his world. Gian Versace,
left Damco in allowance of $57,000 a month.
And that he had the right to live in any of SAR,
family mentions around the world, but Donna teller,
she was in charge of the estate and she did not want amigo to have so much of
her brother's money and his properties. So they went to court,
amigo left with a lump sum for his inheritance and decided not to fight ever
living in the mansion. After all,
it was the place where he witnessed the love of his life shot and killed.
It was the last place that it ever won. I live
Donna ADE took go creative control of the company after Gian was killed.
She and her older brother Sento agreed that they would keep the company private
and family owns without her brother there.
She was now the one and only designer to carry on the Versace legacy.
Years later,
she spoke at our Oxford university about how she managed to continue to grow the
brand. Even after her brother's death. She said,
fashion is a weapon that you can use when you need it.
My own look makes people think I'm tough. It's like armor.
That was useful to me. In the first years after Gianni's death,
it was difficult to live that pain in public and to be compared to him when he
was the genius. And I was only ever the accessory,
it was hard to hear people constantly say, well, she make it,
but she did sources Varys to how much the Versace brands was worth at the time
of his death. Because the sales of his clothing truly did go down.
After he came outta the closet,
rods of its value vary between 400 and 700 million for next 11 years,
Darella continued to grow the company. And in 2018,
the Versace brands was purchased by the Michael cause for 2.1 billion,
the Casa cast arena has been turned into a hotel and an event venue simply
called the Villa.
And it continues to be a popular Miami tourist attraction to this very day,
even years after his death,
the versa brand is still going strong and it will most likely be around for a
very long time. So I really hope you found that video. Interesting. If you did,
please do give us a thumbs up below and don't forget to subscribe.
We've got brand new videos just like this four days a week.
So hit that subscribe button, do the notification bell thing.
That would be great. And as always, I'll see you next time.
<Silence>.